[Music]
three years after the destruction of the
Death Star the Rebel Alliance has been
driven from their former base on Yavin
for by the Galactic Empire the rebels
led by Princess Leia have set up a new
base on the ice planet Hoth the Imperial
fleet led by Darth Vader continues to
hunt for the rebels new base by
dispatching probe droids across the
galaxy while investigating a potential
meteor strike Luke Skywalker is captured
by a wampa a Yeti light creature he
manages to escape from its cave with his
lightsaber but soon succumbs to the
freezing temperatures and collapses the
forced ghosts of his late mentor obi-wan
Kenobi instructs him to go to the
Dagobah system to train under Jedi
Master Yoda Luke is found by Han Solo
who's tauntaun collapses and dies Han
uses its warmth to keep Luke warm while
he sets up a shelter the duo make it
through the night and are rescued by a
search party on patrol han and Chewbacca
discovered the meteor Luke had planned
to investigate is actually a probe droid
which alerts the Empire to the rebels
location the Empire launches a
large-scale attack using 8080 Walker's
to capture the base despite great
resistance the walkers destroy the bases
shield generator and forced the rebels
to retreat han and Leia escape on the
Millennium Falcon with c-3po and
Chewbacca
but the hyperdrive malfunctions they
hide in an asteroid field where han and
Leia grow closer and eventually kiss
Vader summons bounty hunters including
the notorious Boba Fett to assist in
finding the Falcon Luke meanwhile
escapes with r2d2 in his x-wing fighter
and crash lands on the swamp planet
Dagobah he meets a small creature who
reveals himself to be Yoda after
conferring with obi-wan spirit Yoda
reluctantly accepts Luke as a student
Yoda trains Luke as a Jedi and raises
his sunken ship from the swamp with the
power of the force after Luke claims it
to be impossible after evading the
Empire Han travels to the planet of
Bespin which is home to a floating
colony in the skies known as Cloud City
Cloud City is run by Hans old friend
Lando Calrissian unknowingly
the Millennium Falcon has been tracked
for the empire by Boba Fett shortly
after they arrive Lando leads the group
into a trap and they are handed over to
Darth Vader and Boba Fett Vader plans to
use the group as bait to lure out Luke
intending to capture him alive and take
the Emperor during his training on
Dagobah Luke sees a premonition of Han
and Leia in pain in a city in the clouds
and against the wishes of Yoda and
obi-wan leaves to save them
Vader goes back on his agreement with
Lando to let Leia and Chewbacca stay in
Cloud City and takes them into custody
instead he intends to hole Luke in
suspended animation in a block of
Carbonite for delivery to the Emperor to
test this process he selects Han to be
frozen against the protest of boba fett
who fears he will lose his bounty han
survives the freezing process Vader then
hands the frozen on over to Boba Fett
who intends to leave for Tatooine to
deliver Han to Jabba the Hutt and claim
the bounty on Han Solo Lando who was
forced into cooperating with the Empire
initiates an escape and frees Leia and
the others they then try to save Han but
are too late and unable to stop Boba
Fett as he departs on his ship they
fight their way back to the Falcon and
flee Cloud City after arriving at Cloud
City and engaging in a brief
confrontation with Boba Luke encounters
Vader and the two engage in a lightsaber
duel that leads them over the city
central air shaft as his mentors warned
Luke proves to be no match for Vader who
severs Luke's right hand causing him to
lose his weapon after Luke refuses to
join Vader against the Emperor Vader
reveals to Luke that he is his father
humiliated and horrified by the truth
Luke intentionally falls off the bridge
and is pulled into an air shaft he is
ejected beneath the floating city but is
able to grab on to an antenna he makes a
desperate telepathic plea to Leia who
senses it and persuades Lando to return
for him in the Falcon after Luke is
brought on board they are chased by TIE
fighters but r2d2 reactivates the
Falcon's hyperdrive allowing them to
escape later aboard a medical frigate in
the rebel fleet Luke severed hand is
replaced with a robotic prosthetic Lando
and Chewbacca set off for Tatooine in
the Falcon in order to find Jabba the
Hutt and Boba Fett to save Han as the
Falcon departs Luke Leia r2d2 and c3po
gaze out in the galaxy and await word
from Lando
you